
    Service enumeration
    Check for vulnerabilities
    Exploitation
    Privilege Escalation
    Read Flag in /root

Breaching Methodology:

    Network Scanning (Netdiscover, Nmap)
    Enumerate File upload vulnerability (searchsploit)
    Generate PHP Backdoor (Msfvenom)
    Upload and execute a backdoor
    Reverse connection (Metasploit)
    Import python one-liner for proper TTY shell
    Kernel Privilege Escalation
    Get Root access and capture the flag.



## Step 1 - Recon
> netdiscover  
##### to discover the ip address of VM

## Step 2 - Recon advanced ports and Services
> nmap 
>
>nmap [nmap -n -v -Pn -p- -A --reason -oN nmap.txt 192.168.56.101]
>
>nikto [nikto -h 192.168.56.101]

## [step 3] Directory
> directory buster [dirb  192.168.156.101]
>
> nikto [nikto -h 192.168.56.101]

#### Then after opening the ip in browser I got a sign-in page and register page.Register in page.
>On scanning, you will find that port 80 is open which will be pointing toward cutenews. So we will now open it on our browser.
>Now we can see that our target is using CuteNews v.2.0.3 and the good news is it is exploitable, so let’s search for its exploit:
>
>searchsploit cutenews 2.0.3 [exploit-db-link](https://www.exploit-db.com/exploits/37474)
>
>Upon searching for the exploit we can see that we have the path for the exploit. Follow the path and go to the exploit’s “.txt” file. In the text file you find the instructions to upload the file. First thing it tells us to register on the website in order to have the power to upload a file.
>
>upload php file of jpg file generated by msfvenom in avatar.
>
>then start the msfconsole>meterpreter.
